hi everyone happy easter welcome to
Steve's kitchen I'm starting this dip
series off with a chocolate dip yum come
down here have a quick look if you've
got chocolate whether it's milk
chocolate dark chocolate I'm going to be
using white chocolate today a little bit
of fresh cream and some strawberries of
course we can make a chocolate a
delicious chocolate dip and I'm actually
going to be adding a little bit of chili
oil into it to give it some kick which
is the way I like my chocolate dips to
be so come on let me show you how
now it really doesn't get any simpler
than this we're just going to take
whatever quantity of chocolate you like
and I'm going to take about a hundred
grams that's three and a half ounces and
then you take exactly half the same of
cream so we're going to put about 50
grams in here and I put them straight
into a microwave-safe dish and I'm going
to pop this in the microwave now for 60
seconds until that starts to melt don't
do it too long because we don't want to
burn the chocolate
now look that's been in their 60 seconds
and it really doesn't want to be any
longer than that we're just going to mix
that through quickly now until we get a
lovely smooth chocolate and cream
mixture and at this point I'm going to
take about a tablespoon of my oil my
chili infused oil not going to let the
chilies go in there and then continue to
mix that until you get a lovely smooth
dip and that pretty much is all you need
for this chocolate dip now as that cools
down it will thicken slightly so we can
now take that and just pour it into a
little serving dish and so when you
serve this your guests know that it's a
chocolate dip I'm just going to pop some
little milk chocolate chips on the top
and there you have one of the most
simplest and yet most delicious dips
that you'll ever taste I mean what can
go wrong chocolates and chili and the
very best thing about making chocolate
dips with strawberries is I get to try
it and have a look at that he goes oh
that is absolutely heavenly I love
chocolate and I love strawberries and
that little hotness coming through from
the chili as well that's fantastic well
have a wonderful easter please share the
love give this one a thumbs-up join me
next week for all these wonderful dips
and thank you for the suggestions be
good I'll see you in the next video now
I did some other dips and I'll leave
some links up here please subscribe to
the channel now you guys please go away
because I've got chocolate and
strawberries to eat be good see you next
time